[Music]
Good evening how are you doing
Saturday I promise today well I promise
that today I'm going to finish this live and I'm
going to format the
computer okay I'm going to turn on the lightning I
'm seeing it there on the camera that
the lightning leaves me without turning on today I won't be there for
long okay I'm going to try to make
this quick because I'm going to leave
the computer formatting mother finally
and once I get it set up everything is going to be
fine you already know it right okay first we're going
to talk about some influencers that I didn't
know at all called the
vermouth and they've caused a real mess
apparently these girls came out
reporting that a nightclub
a nightclub
leave me a little
conil they had been expelled from the
nightclub for being lesbians okay let's see
the movie they've made I don't know if I should
start with Albert's thread which I'm sure will
explain it perfectly
move this video speaking clearly I'm going
to watch the video speaking clearly to
women even if the ones always remain yes or
yes because because our
friends from vermouth say so and those who are from vermouth
are some  feminist activist influences
in which they say that all the
complaints of women are true
and that
the testimony of a woman should never be questioned, that
was well okay but it's that these
women then it is necessary to trust that she
herself, they themselves are activists of that that
says that women should
always be believed just for being
women, stick with that fact throughout the
video citizens strictly everything they
say they will always tell the truth, don't
look at you, he mentioned a little thing they have
reported a local they have published a
public news story where they public public.es
how strange no how
strange no
how strange public.es to take out this type
of unverified news they
expose some facts where they say the figure there are
always the same pamphlets okay
you can see that they are always the
same type of people and the same
pamphlets
public.es
[Music]
and
public.es a good part of the last hour
or rather the other guy public.es the plural
fluence was the head of vermouth they denounce
having been expelled the
LGBT influencers from the Conil nightclub for being lesbians
so according to his theory as there
that believing the testimony always never without doubting a woman's testimony we would have to say okay because they tell the truth but what is the problem that they have carried has given me some recordings as we can see in the news but the comic nightclub has released a statement on Instagram that you
can see here on screen then I will
stop loving you the
press release due to the videos
of real comments made by the
vermut Instagram account which by
the way watching the channel the penalty
nobody knows not yesterday accusing us
of being expelled from the pub la
luna for having homophobic staff and clients
we want to tell the reasons why a
girl client was evicted
from the pub la luna yesterday September 2
2021 from the general management of la
luna we want to state that the
reason for expulsion was not for
any type of discriminatory reason
among the causes for which they were
expelled from the premises are not
respecting the security measures of the
cob and disturbing other clients who
are around using the form more
to address the staff of the premises
we have hours of video recordings and it does not
happen  Nothing of what they have described for
the dissemination of such information will be
reported
to the authors of the insults and
slander made and all those
people who have been supporters in
its dissemination and even more so without any kind of
proof okay I hope I hope and wish that they
sue the newspaper to the newspaper
público.es and that they have to rectify
because enough of these
media it is regrettable liars and
future ones who only publish news that are
defamation
defamation is ideological instagram
of this nightclub in the description and
apart they have provided 17 minutes of
recording where you can see that these girls
were putting in their they have
three hours of recordings where you can
see that these girls are lying
the standard bearers that
women never make false reports
that there you have it you know what happens with
these types of people these typical
youtuber no because there are a few no
who always support this
issue of stupidity because no
one can be believed for being a
woman or for being a man, I mean no one
can be believed their word solely because of
the gender they have
that is [ __ ]  blue unstitched
I say that all the people who have
blonde hair have to believe what the
[ __ ] you're telling me they will have to
provide proof because there are people who
lie okay and all of them this is youtuber
apart from going around championing that type of
thing then you see them on their
social networks sharing news of cases
of abused women or murders or
things like that that are true and they always
accompany them saying look they post
a news story that is true and it's
posted you see it then they say that
false accusations and that we are spiteful
no no no no no of course we say
that false accusations and crazy spiteful of
course we say it that some
news that are true does not mean
that there are others that are false you know but
of course they play at deceiving the fools in
fact they deceive the panty ironers who
are idiots that they wash their ass because
if not they do not get wet and now they do not even get wet
because they only put it in the strawberry
I mean what stupidity what stupidity no to
women who always love her because she
is the victim that you're telling me
how many cases have we seen of women who
file a false report and lie the
other day we saw another video roma
gallardo where the woman had gone to
report her partner because he had
done I don't know what to her she went to the doctor she did some
medical part and it turns out that there was a
recording of the premises of a place where you could
see that the chick had started banging the
horn of the
apache helicopter believe me dude thanks rich but of
course these people what they do to
reinforce their theory after all the times their
twitter account sharing news
of real victims that they are a
walking lack of respect so that they are
real victims okay or you those who
reported the false and discarded
I am the ones who most disrespect the
real victims because it is your fault
you ridicule her jce to
put that on your twitter accounts
look and publish a true news
then what if false and crazy reports
spiteful what is happening of course what is
happening
you know the story the wolf no the wolf is coming
the wolf is coming the wolf is coming
and always lies no and when in the end it
is true that the wolf is coming because  she
eats it because nobody believes her because that's what
happens because of lying people you
always have to believe them because they are
beings of light they have lied they have reported
degrading treatment at a nightclub
staining their name and then this
nightclub has released the images that I'm
going to show you right now that we're going to
see here all together where you can
clearly see that the ones who incited the
fight that you're going to see well fight the
argument that you're going to see that you're going to see
where it is incited where they don't comply with the
safety regulations because of the cob and 19 which
is another of the things that the
clubs complain about are them and where they are the ones
who argue with the doormen and the
doormen at all times they are
treating them in a polite way and not at all
discriminatory what I don't know is how there
can still be people who don't
get it that this woman is
breaking the rules treating
people badly and then if you respond to her or
kick them out of the place it's because I'm a
lesbian what a nerve woman oh how
embarrassing that women are not all
beings of light they are good women
bad women just like there are men  good
men bad just as there are buts good
but is bad is everything there are good and bad
people it cannot be categorically stated
that women never make false reports
that there are good and bad women just as there are
good and bad men and from what
we are seeing these two are from the
bad group and that they make false reports
and now we are going to see because here you have
on instagram these people are called luna
conil I will
leave it in the description and we will
see luck in this statement we are going to
see how cute and bad they are
and how the
vermut people are liars and how they have taken advantage of the
struggle of a collective to justify
their actions of such an immature girl a few
days ago this news broke the educated and
activists of vermut attacked in a
nightclub for homophobia the feminists
who do not include trans or racialized women in the feminist struggle,
they are now excluded
reported on their list having suffered a
hate crime and an attempted assault
by the security team
using their influence but what
influence is it said either that the
armed ones had good ones and not the
wholesaler great if using their
influence to attack  to the place and make
their followers cancel themselves in that
place for being homophobic and aggressive, they set
what they do is for what they want to be
influence on people and have
followers for the escrache for the
threats and or to intimidate and this was
published publicly this is then given by the
news that they should be ashamed and I
hope at least that
another lawsuit falls on them because what they should have
done if they had good intentions
and not to defame this newspaper as
today has been demonstrated quite the
opposite is to take out a news story to delete
this one and take out a news story lying and
asking for forgiveness but they are not going to do it
because it is a progressive newspaper that only
lives on lies okay ideology they just
kicked us off the moon with the
dust lleras literal here graphic material let's
see the graphic material after
kissing and having 200 hands looking
we warned the doormen and what they
did was tell us that maybe
we had drunk too much a
short, strong, packed doorman even
tried to hit us the level has been
strong my mother what accusation
these people come to well I hope they condemn them
but  comes
these are these things happen to us every day
to the lgbt community
or it happens every day that lying to us
alves thank you very much luckily do not
put the lgbt community in the
same bag okay but if there are many
lgbt people there are many feminist
people there are many women men and
victimizers out of knowing that yes
these are the things they do every day lie lie
and file false accusations
to get away with their revenge they
use these things normally they
use these things for personal revenge you
know to cause harm
shame the media quickly
echoed the news to the media not this
garbage public okay and spain yum who the
[ __ ] spain yum who the [ __ ] knows this
space news well nothing to who wanted to
publish this [ __ ] garbage this [ __ ]
garbage without contrast okay because you a
digital media cannot tarnish the
image of a local as well
as everything you do in your sight
talk about any social cause so
that the post is viewed increase
engagement and then monetize it
rich in the videos you insult javi and
tell him everything here you come and you play the
fool last time you say javi c the
move the  among other things
belletti now now what I didn't expect is that
the establishment itself was going to respond to this
statement even so the establishment has decided to
provide graphic evidence of what happened we
begin
first images where we can see them
pushing elbowing and yelling for
free while nobody
pays attention to them let's see
there they start pushing
if the computer has to be formatted tonight
tonight it can't happen
there she goes there
[ __ ] we
see this girl here again because she
puts us she throws herself almost
on top of a guy there without
a mask rubbing against each other and so on
the feminists
lgtbi
there she pushes
pushes another one but
this red one has
this error she has the same one our
staff tries to calm the
situation that's why
I don't like to support
communities but the ends the
communities almost always become
sectarian the south
no no it's that these people and
localities support it is not because of the simple fact of
being girls we must support them not because of the
simple fact of being the axis we must
support them no
here again look
at the one in red it was
the red one she was the one who was pushing no
now she is again she is going to someone
argue
both the staff and the customers
show no particular interest in her
no one is looking at them are you saying
that they were looking at them the sixth good
thing is that they are all the same
these progressives are all the same
is that they are all the same
according to her she was cornered by guys you
can see the images which is not true
the night goes on the night goes on we
continue dancing we decide to talk
nothing more than always we
always have to assume that
everyone is going to be there watching
the
barrier
our four already open with fairies and
Marta falls backwards a little
anarchic and that's it she left me to do my thing
normally with a bit like I am and
when that horse
and then hits a bouncer
several thank you very much she has to
set a good tone
well it
touches us a hair a fly
confused us to another level
ha ha ha ha
yes surely they would be watching
you or in the whole club but the
images continue them breaking the
rules ignoring the
security personnel and even so complaining about the
person they had previously reprimanded let's see she
grab the mask to go to the bathroom but at
no time she puts it on
to [ __ ] off so that she brings me the
mask
what people  more problematic style of
these people
what problematic people dude
comes out of the bathroom without a mask the doorman
politely asks him that when he goes to the
bathroom me being wine I say to be the axis go
in fact it usually gives me the creeps to see artists
putting up LG flags go to characters
in series that I watch it reminds me of soccer
players doing Edith from Dragon
Ball with their favorite teams well
proud you want to put it no there's
nothing wrong with that either that's how it is what
problematic people dude
one of them approaches to talk to one of
her neighbors has
a conversation in a good
way
without anything else happening they stay from
them to a doorman I mean they
start talking to the kids
and plowed and ball like dad dad dad
the one who gave
the day
starts talking and then goes to
complain about the kids to the
doorman guy
who understood that problematic people so
calm knows how to
treat them so calm in one place dude and
has problems with people oil
are half the ones that approach him we
see harassment at no time
both groups are warned
where the harassment is
where is the thing that I don't see it and now
comes the most serious moment now they come
more serious they hadn't come yet  they get
angry they confront each other and start
recording in a threatening way
take care of that influence
thanks victor who pays more attention
to who it was was the one
looking for trouble man they
complain to another doorman for no reason
what the [ __ ]
at no time do they approach it is the
contrary
our staff tries to calm down in
good manners
this talk already
wing
and throws her
back she is
politely asked to leave she will
realize that in light of all this the
doormen will not have noticed or noticed do not pay
attention to him on monday he
will be sued do not worry
notice that all this will be done by the
doorman nor will they know realize if they are
lesbians I am not lesbian okay at that
moment one of them records that situation
because they themselves had provoked it to
later
use that video as evidence to
justify their lies to see the
video
and now they will have recorded kids who
will be anonymous kids who were
calm knowing it was a night of partying
and now for nothing they will have gone to one
side they will have told her more jokes
how disgusting people
after kissing says
the security staff kindly
invites her to leave without touching them  and in a
very polite way as seen in the
image
how embarrassing girl
how embarrassing when asking her to leave after
the incident they started calling the
doormen homophobic
for a joke
how embarrassing girl
and now you know what's going on with these
people these people are the typical ones that will
now be appearing on all the
youtube channels
criticizing her and they will be calling everyone
who criticizes her
sexist and they are harassing them a lot
because they are being criticized where are
the pushes to leave
this is a compilation of moments with
a duration of 17 minutes we have more
than 3 hours of recording since they
entered the premises draw your own
conclusions
very good very good good thing you have to
have cameras after many times
Javi says is that you record everything I record
everything
because then these things happen even so
she published on her social networks
that they almost hit us lying once again
and using no but I don't understand what
defaming is saying that someone almost
hit her is defaming
the church that is cooked with people
asking I was trying to take the
cell phone
the same
we are going
to
try what was obvious to  that
marks
because when the guy arrived as if to
hit him
the day I
get in and the goalkeeper kidnapper of
arms stops him a little as they
mentioned movie template but I think
he is Ávila a moment well colleague
presents himself with it and Kristen friends and the
feeds protect reaches the one who is
silent by public four buoys that do not
see anyone who will be and dancing in his
own that do not dance sexy that are not a
[ __ ] object to observe it
[Laughs] I
mean
imagine the head of this girl
imagining this is this speech
with a friend those who protect themselves
protect them it's not like that not like she
was flirting there are guys who
protect themselves or rather she is going out for 4 to
4 brain that nobody looks at through the 6
districts they were harassing that they do not
dance sexy that they do not dance sexy a [ __ ]
object to observe network that not only a
point of Egypt grace to remove or
what a shame you
are inventing
yourself when it has not happened
what a shame listen to youtube no
influencer the day that they have supported
has done
there  youtubers please caribbean youtube
is influenced by realities that they have
shared or supported these people for sure for
sure
what a shame that they see and catch me
lying like that it is totally head in the
ground
the couch not to appear in any video anymore or
say anything else anywhere
watermelons I am the ones who invent this
story well they will surely condemn her
after publishing the whole truth people
have started to comment on her last
publication and by deactivating the
comments hahahahaha so that so that it is
not known
so that it is not known
in the pain alone in just a few hours they have
lost more than two thousand followers well
very few well very few the truth well they
should all leave they
should all leave look at a
verified account to these people if they verify them
because they are the gt
these people have to verify them know
you knew these people it
is the first time that I hear them in my
[ __ ] life
please tell me tell me what influences
support her
tell me what influences support her please surprise me
surprise me less
some ally of ours has had to
support her
some way out for sure
and having said that it seems objective to me that
such a serious fight is used  blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah nothing if it is what it is, what it is
always the same, I mean there are
good people and there are bad people it's not about
being the GTM or being a woman or
being a man or that
someone has to be created because no no no no no no there are
good people and bad people whether it's a man woman the
heavy or the helicopter Apache okay you
can't believe
Vegeta it's not a joke
if you're hungry a [ __ ] you can't believe
a person simply because of their gender or
their orientation I've done anything
bigger it's healthy a huge [ __ ]
I don't know but well said surely he's given it there's something to support them jan leave them don't pay attention to him don't pay attention to him I'm not interested in giving him balls I'll marry him let him make fun of him let him make fun of anyway one more episode in the world of the exit of
no
[Music]